okay for the last time baby I'm gonna
ask you is there anything else I can do
to make you happy now there isn't
anything else you can do to make me
happy oh come on baby I know there's
something would you like for me to play
with your old wrinkled balls now I don't
want you to play with my old wrinkled
balls you don't like my balls you like
black balls oh how can you say that baby
i love your balls and then look like
raisins you know what you're lying
you're lying you like black balls I know
because I see the way you look at them
when they walk by baby come along this
is crazy honey how can you say that
because I know oh come on baby don't be
like that I promise that if you get
naked tonight I won't throw up in my
mouth okay I promise I won't just stop
lying you know what I know about you
you're a thought that's what you are why
are you saying such words how do you
even know that word baby because I saw
it on Instagram mean what you think I
don't study them you think I don't know
their slang and how they talk oh come on
baby come on honey I know that you know
their slang I know that you love the
watch Love & hip-hop that's right that's
right because I have to pay them I have
to know their language here's something
else that you don't know i watch Real
Housewives of Atlanta too oh come on
baby come on honey why are you watching
that you know what Kenya deserved what
she got porsche should have dragged her
oh come on baby how can you talk about
violence like this violence is wrong
baby well what are you stupid did you
see what happened she talked and I
bullhorn in her face
you just can't do that all come on baby
this baby you're talking crazy do you
want your juice you want your prune
juice well no I'm not that dumb and you
know what I'm going to replace you with
Porsha this is some mean you look at me
and you throw up I don't want to fight
with you right now okay come on baby I'm
sorry okay I'm sorry too I'm sorry do
you want to play slavemaster with me
later on oh of course I want to play
slavemaster with you baby and you call
me Massa of course baby just like usual
yeah I love you oh I love you too dear
okay I've compiled a list of of black
people would you call light skinned
black people that you can hang around
with okay hey then you can bring them to
the arena because they are lighter than
a brown paper bag oh come on baby are
you serious listen you can bring tisha
campbell you can bring Drake ah Beyonce
you can bring kid from kid and play Z
still alive he's still alive bring him
if he's still alive okay you can bring
him all right that's pretty much all of
the light skinned black people that can
come to Clippers games okay it's okay to
hang out with Blake that's fine i don't
have a problem with Blake oh come on
baby this is not right I love all races
I love every race okay shuffle black
people